Add pxe boot (#1)
halleelyasaf/crucible: README.md

  - A running pod containing the `httpd` service
  - The discovery image from Assisted Installer will be placed in and served from `/opt/http_store/data`

- HTTP Store for pxe

>   - The discovery image from the httpd store will mount to this server and boot the rootfs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The discovery image from the httpd store will be mounted to this server and will boot the rootfs
```

- TFTP Host

>   - The discovery image will mount to this server and do the pxe boot with TFTP 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The discovery image will be mounted to this server and do the PXE boot with TFTP 
```
